what's up guys it's Jay we're gonna have
to kill and I'm back here on Borderlands
2 and we're in peds secret lair about to
fight pirate caustic Pete the invincible
and I wanted to show you a few glitches
in here to make your time just a little
bit easier now if you first run into the
left there's an area that you can Crouch
jump onto and you can sit there and you
can beat the shit out of pirate Pete and
he'll jump up onto these ledges and
he'll get stuck there but you don't want
to do it on the left side this is why
I'm showing you because that left side
you won't be able to get the loot back
coz the loot will get stuck up there and
you can't get back up there once you do
it but if you do it on the right side
here I'm gonna show you that only one of
the areas it allows you to elevate jump
right up there all you got to do is just
push the a button and just keep pushing
it and you'll boost yourself up like a
little bit of an elevator and boom
you're on this ledge now a lot of people
have been talking about this glitch and
saying you know you want to get Pete
stuck up here but then you can't get the
loop back and I'm going to show you how
to get the loop back so while you're
fighting Pete you want him to get up
here so you got to get him stuck and
there you go once he jumps up there you
can sit behind this pillar and just beat
the shit out of him all the time but the
thing is is he's right next to the
pillar where you just elevate your jump
and people are saying that you want to
lure him out into the open on that ledge
so you can't beat the shit out of it but
then you can go back up on the elevator
and get your loop I don't think that's
the best way to do it because if he's
out to open in his area of effect damage
will kick your ass and you'll have to
keep spawning and spider answer to shit
and every time you spoiler the spider
ants or the rats that come through the
sewer lines when he wash off the
corrosive damage that he does they gain
a level so I've seen up to level 66
spider ants spawn out of that goddamn
team and that is something that should
you not what happening because they can
kill you and you don't want to die while
doing this is the whole
Glynn champ I repeat is so you don't die
you don't lose your money and you get
that sweet sweet blue and as you can see
with nygma he's being blocked from
getting up there because of the loot he
couldn't get up there that's why a lot
of people say keep him out into open on
the ledge fine
we found another little glitch spot that
allows you to get up there and get
behind that pillar so right next to the
elevator shaft where you started out on
that ledge there's gonna be a little bit
of a sheet metal there and you can jump
up that and it's a little bit of
rhythmic if you watch the way I'm doing
it like I first started trying to smash
it but if you just keep pushing it real
slow it'll get you up there and then you
can't get behind the pillars so yeah
it's best to keep him stuck behind a
pillar so you can blast the shit out of
him and not get hit by his AoE attack so
we're just chilling around in here we
didn't get to get out of here and pyro
Pete he spawned back in he is a 24-hour
locked balls I don't know why he's
falling back in right now it was about
11:30 at night so we're not sure if the
timer went off for the 24 hours or if he
just randomly spawn back in we tried to
get him to respawn again but we couldn't
so I think it was probably because at a
timer but it was just funny loved that
we are still down here and he respawned
and then I'd spoil my deathtrap I'm like
you know what fucking lets fight him
though he jumped up onto this ledge into
my little shitty Shack and he is about
this start fucking me up or sewing
things because my buddy tossed out his
turret and the turret shield has
protected me and I'm just whooping his
ass so eventually we all ran out of ammo
we had to go back down there to get ammo
luckily though we were able to just get
back up onto the ledge and get him stuff
again so once again we got him stuck
behind the pillar and we got turds we've
got death traps and we got conference
calls note on this guy's he is
his ass fuckers whoop and if you look
down there I have my anarchy stacked up
I mean we literally went at him with
everything he's got he's got a lot of
health he's not very hard the hardest
part about his fight is the fact that
you know the racks and uh spider ants
that come out of the sewer they gain
levels and they could be super high
level above you but like I said if you
just get him stuck behind this pillar
his area of effect attack will not hit
you all you got to do is duck behind the
pillar just chill there and just kick
his ass and take his route now he drops
a lot more serif crystals than Hyperion
sport Master G because I can't even get
matching G to drop shit because he
freezes my goddamn console but once
again as you see I'm pushing this button
way too fast I want you guys to know
that when you're trying to get up on
this little storm dream all you got to
do is push it real nice and rhythmically
real slow and it'll pop you up there and
that's the area right there where they
said you want to keep pyro Pete out into
open so you can elevator jump up the
pillar but I find it's best to keep him
behind the pillar so you could duck his
corrosive attack and you don't have to
open up the drain for the spider rings
to come kick your ass and you'll have a
lot easier time and enjoy your loop my
name is jay morning to have to kill I
hope this video helped you I hope you
guys rate comment subscribe below thank
you guys for watching and I'm gonna see
you guys later